We got to find Green. fast.
-We got to find
and kill Green. fast.
- Right.
Uh. I guess we'll just shove 'em
in the trash chute
or chase 'em through the vents?
But I don't have
squish bone syndrome like Lime!
-Wait!
- You have squish bone syndrome?
No. Lime!
Lime built that weird gun!
It's just been sitting
in the kitchen this whole time.
Cyan and Black
were onto something.
Maybe Lime was. too!
-We've got an impostor
to hunt. Oh.
- Let's not die. Mm.
-
It's okay. We'll work on it.
- Mm. Also valid.
-Yeah. Let's just go.
- Yeah. Right. Uh... Oh. Go.
Let's see
what this bad dog can do.
Huh. It doesn't do anything.
It just sprays water?
Why-why did Lime think
it would...
Oh.
Welp.
Ugh.
Green left Brown's hand here.
It's holding something.
Salt?
Perfect. Except no cheese.
no sauce. no salt...
no salt... no salt...
no salt.
Ugh. It's disgusting!
Ho!
Guess we know what we got to do
with that gun.
Sure do.
But just in case I don't.
why don't you say it out loud?
We're putting salt water
in the gun.
Okay!
Gun's ready to go.
But. uh. now what?
One of us is gonna have
to act as bait to draw them out.
When Green comes after me.
use this to take 'em down. okay?
What are you saying?
The eggs are in storage.
We know that's where Green is.
You make yourself scarce.
and hopefully Green
won't be able to tell
we're up to something.
At-at least take some salt
with you.
- That way--
- No.
I got to go in unarmed
and unseasoned.
Green can't suspect a thing.
I can't let you do that. Purple.
I can't.
You're the captain. Red.
You got to make sure
all this wasn't in vain.
So I'll lure Green
to the trash chute
and you come in
and blast them with salt water
and we'll eject that alien
into space.
Your cue will be me opening
the trash chute.
Or when I come up
with a good one-liner.
No. Just when I open
the trash chute.
And if I don't make it out
of this alive.
this is the reason
I didn't see Black get killed.
I went back to get Heracles.
Make sure
they get a proper burial.
Purple. wait.
Look. I. uh...
I'm sorry about what happened
to Heracles.
You were right.
It wasn't their fault.
Their long poops
didn't do anything.
You were. um...
right about a lot of things.
Thanks. Red.
Are you sure
you want to do this?
Hey.
it's no biggie.
Uh...
Oh! Hey. Purps!
What are you doing?
Just stress testing
the important. valuable ore.
Like a good little
unpaid intern. huh?
Oh! And also trying to crack
open some more alien eggs.
But you probably knew that
already.
You're the only smart crewmate
left.
Honestly.
I should've killed you first.
but you really helped me out.
casting all that suspicion
on Red.
So you could've just been...
hatching babies out of the eggs
this whole time?
No.
Well. yes.
Then why didn't you?
For someone I just called smart.
you sure are asking
some un-smart questions.
I like to kill.
and I hate competition.
Where's the fun in
letting babies do all the work?
It's not like killing you all
was hard.
Oh! I get it.
You must have been following
Orange's orders.
Orange?
Orange couldn't kill
a sunbaked worm.
Do you really think that idiot
had a single useful idea
in their entire life?
Well. they obviously killed
Blue.
Are you kidding me?
I killed Blue.
And White.
And literally all the crewmates.
except for Lime.
who Orange killed
right in front of God
and everyone.
Look. you didn't know Orange
very well. but I did.
and they were a total dumbass.
I don't believe you.
Seriously? You don't think
Orange was a dumbass?
No. I don't believe that--
That it was so easy
for me to turn you all
against each other?
GREEN/CYAN:
None of you trusted each other
to begin with.
It barely took
any nudging at all.
You just couldn't wait
- to start pointing fingers.
-Oh. no.
GREEN/BROWN/LIME:
What are you even holding out
for?
GREEN/BLUE:
Maybe you do trust Red.
Think they're coming
to save you?
You couldn't trust anyone.
That's why this all fell apart.
"You wanted
this mission to fail."
You wanted Red to fail.
Come on. Purple.
Even if you manage to escape.
Red will just blame
this whole catastrophe on you.
and MIRA will pin
another stupid little medal
to Red's stupid little suit.
Right?
Fine.
But I have one last question.
Is that really how White
sounded?
What?
I don't know. I just thought
White sounded like...
Um. well.
they didn't sound like that.
"What. you don't think
this is right?"
I mean. you spent
the most time with them.
so. uh. I expected something.
like. a little more...
uh. nuanced?
GREEN [high-pitched voice]:
What about this? Is this better?
Hmm. Nah.
It's not entitled enough.
Oh. wait. wait.
Let me just try one more.
I've failed upward
my entire life.
That's my line!
Captain's kick. kick. kick!
You waited for the one-liner?
That was the plan!
♪ They'll find pieces of you
scattered on the ground ♪
♪ I am the mad man
in your dreams ♪
- ♪ Oh. we are the evil ones ♪
-H'yah!
♪ We need the planet
to demonstrate...♪
-Nice kick.
-Learned it from you.
Now. let's go get
that salt-soaker back.
Let's do it.
Oh!
♪ Give into
what you cannot fight...♪
No...!
Oh. right. it's just salt water.
Yeah. wait. wait. Stop. stop.
Now who's the smart one?
And hot.
Oh. come on!
I'm sorry.
I really valued our friendship.
I'm so sorry.
Sorry!
I didn't mean it!
I really liked what we had!
You can't hide from me!
Come on. come on. come on.
-Keep pumping it up.
-But it won't shoot.
Just trust me.
What's wrong?
Scared 'cause your babies
aren't around anymore?
Hey. shut up!
At least you're a better alien
than you were a janitor.
I was an unpaid intern!
Hmm. Is that salt?
Wow.
-Ew. Ew. ew.
Ew. ew. ew. ew!
- Ew. ew. Ew. ew. ew!
Well. glad that's over.
Wait. Uh. Purple.
what about the shipment?
MIRA's gonna want
to know what happened
to all their Ore-Plus Eggs.
Ah.
Well. I know
you probably still want
to finish this mission
so we'll...
Let's dump it all.
But the trash chute...
We'll open a bigger hole.
You know that this will...
Save our lives?
Cost me my career?
Or will it just give
a big middle finger to MIRA
for strapping us
to a murder machine
so they can get
a few more beans?
Red... I don't know what to say.
Then please shut up
and let me be cool
for once in my damn life!
Ready to tear this mission
a new one?
Thought you'd never ask.
So. MIRA's not gonna use aliens
for fuel. right?
They've got to have
some other plan for them.
I don't know.
They're gonna try to split us up
when we get to Industria.
Yeah. I know.
But. uh. I don't want to be...
I don't want us
to not be friends again.
Um. are we friends?
I-I don't know.
Killing an alien together
doesn't fix... everything.
But it's a pretty good start.
And we've still got a long trip
to Industria.
How about "coworkers"?
I can do that.
What's this? A trust ball?
Ugh. My God. please don't.
Uh. this is what coworkers do.
Say a fun fact.
Okay. here it goes.
My fun fact is...
- my real name is Violet.
-Really?
I-I changed it
when I was in middle school.
You don't seem like a Violet.
An Indigo. maybe.
Oh. I had an Indigo phase...
in college.
Didn't we all.
Well. um. my fun fact is
that Cyan gave me a kiss
at the beginning of the mission.
and I've been really constipated
ever since.
Huh. Are those related?
I don't know.
♪ Mm. look at us.
all our friends are gone ♪
♪ We're the only ones
not murdered by an alien ♪
♪ We got no one else.
no one else to lean on ♪
♪ And I know. unsteady as I am ♪
♪ That I'm not who
you plan to take a stand with ♪
♪ Never imagined
when this all began ♪
♪ It would end here with us ♪
♪ But now everybody's dead ♪
♪ Everybody's dead ♪
♪ And I know
this doesn't seem too smart ♪
♪ But we've got our salty hands
and our two heavy hearts ♪
♪ There's nothing left
but to restart ♪
♪ Now that the rest are gone ♪
♪ Because everybody's dead ♪
♪ Everybody's dead ♪
♪ But we're not dead ♪
- ♪ But we're not dead ♪
- ♪ But we're not dead... ♪
♪ But we're not dead ♪
♪ But we're
not dead ♪
♪ But we're not dead. ♪
Keybot. Keybot. Keybot. Keybot.
Chirp.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org